Gloss of top docs pages (#28891)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/meta-arguments/for_each.html.md

Terraform has two ways to do this:
[`count`](/docs/language/meta-arguments/count.html) and `for_each`.

> > **Hands-on:** Try the [Manage Similar Resources With For Each](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/for-each?in=terraform/0-13&utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) tutorial on HashiCorp Learn.

Reviewer: Remove UTMs, put collection in configuration language instead of 0-13

```suggestion
> **Hands-on:** Try the [Manage Similar Resources With For Each](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/for-each?in=terraform/configuration-language) tutorial on HashiCorp Learn.
```

If a resource or module block includes a `for_each` argument whose value is a map or
a set of strings, Terraform will create one instance for each member of
that map or set.

> -> **Version note:** `for_each` was added in Terraform 0.12.6. Module support
> for `for_each` was added in Terraform 0.13, and previous versions can only use
> it with resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Version note:** `for_each` was added in Terraform 0.12.6. Module support
for `for_each` was added in Terraform 0.13; previous versions can only use
it with resources.
```
